Maintainability

Definition: capability of a product to be modified by the intended maintainers with effectiveness and efficiency

Note 1 to entry: Modifications can include corrections, improvements or adaptation of the product to changes in environment, and in requirements and functional specifications. Modifications include those carried out by specialized support staff, and those carried out by business or operational staff, or end users.

Note 2 to entry: Maintainability includes installation of updates and upgrades.

Note 3 to entry: Maintainability can be interpreted as either an inherent capability of the product to facilitate maintenance activities, or the quality-in-use experienced by the maintainers for the goal of maintaining the product.

Modularity
Definition: capability of a product to limit changes to one component from affecting other components

Note 1 to entry: Modularity implies that the product is composed of discrete modules or components with cohesive content and minimal coupling to other modules or components.

Reusability
Definition: Capability of a product to be used as assets in more than one system, or in building other assets

Analysability

Defintion:  Capability of a product to be effectively and efficiently assessed regarding the impact of an intended change to one or more of its parts, to diagnose it for deficiencies or causes of failures, or to identify parts to be modified.

Note 1 to entry: Implementation can include providing mechanisms for the product to analyse its own faults and providing reports prior to a failure or other event.

Modifiability

Definition: Capability of a product to be effectively and efficiently modified without introducing defects or degrading existing product quality.

Note 1 to entry: Implementation includes coding, designing, documenting and verifying changes.
Note 2 to entry: Modularity (3.7.1) and analysability (3.7.3) can influence modifiability.
Note 3 to entry: Modifiability is a combination of changeability and stability.

Testability

Definition: capability of a product to enable an objective and feasible test to be designed and performed to determine whether a requirement is met

[SOURCE:ISO/IEC/IEEE 24765:2017, 3.4271, modified — “extent to which an objective and feasible test can be” has been changed to “capability of a product to enable an objective and feasible test to be”; “designed” has been changed to “designed and performed”.]
